# 2020-12-29

* Got the notes from Mavel, now should be able to complete the H1-B Visa requests.
* Standup with dev team.
* Meeting with [[Sreedhar Allani]] on his initial services modeling thoughts. He suggested that [[Andy Nechyba]] (product manager) should work on the requirements with us.
* Marketplace planning meeting - not a full planning meeting.
  * Reviewed the [Kanban board for marketplace](https://officedepot.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?projectKey=ODNA&rapidView=1107). I need to review the "in review" stuff.
  * Discussion about personas. [[Melissa Malinofsky]] is having some difficulty concincing Tess Abbot and Annie Katz that there's more to the persona development than their current Vendor Portal roles/permissions.
  * Discussion about what to do with Scott Headburg and [[jarrel-thomas]] (project manager). 
    * Suggested Scott help setup the UX research effort and get some suppliers to interview.
    * We discussed using Jarrel as a BA/Jr. Product Manager and have him work on some of the requirements definition.
